hey guys today we're taking a look at my
dragunity deck now I was really hesitant
to make this for a really long time
after dragon ravine got banned and I
kind of go over that I kind of thought
the deck type was dead but when I took a
look back at you know what it can do I
don't think it's dead necessarily I
think it's just not you know as strong
anymore I still think it has access to a
lot of really fun stuff and it dude does
have some really crazy plays that it can
do it just has to you know spend more
time getting prepared and getting things
set up and it's not as quick as it used
to be but I still think it has a lot of
interesting power Dragoon ADIZ are
really all about using these dragon
monsters that equip special summon to
set up place to synchro summon to create
a really crazy field situation based on
their various effects they have a lot of
really interesting stuff and I'm going
to get into the car it's kind of talk
about what I'm trying to do with this
deck type so first off we're going to be
running ones efros just the interesting
card in this tech allowing you to make
additional plays that we can get off of
some of our normal summons some of our
returning we have a lot of face up cards
like with the equips and other stuff so
this card just comes into play really
nicely and how the deck works we're
going to be running to act lists not as
important but it does allow us to make
some easy plays we can allow it to give
us some destruction so I do like this to
mistel tain you can definitely run this
at three can be a very powerful card for
this deck type allowing you to do easy
rank six is easy special summon sets up
your synchros really well just a really
nice card for this deck type and they're
learning to Darkspear as a level 3 Tuner
gives us x two other players like star
eater that allows us to special summon
other things so we can do other plays
there so a nice card their ducks kind of
the key card to the deck because it sets
up our plays very very quickly for us so
very nice card there and then
Legionnaire not as important you can
definitely run the set at less if you
want to but again helps us do some more
normal summon plays and we can do
additional stuff to set up more
destruction which is nice three failings
again a very important card for this
deck allowing itself to special summon
so we can make our sink or plays again
you can see the continual play is
happening here between the easy special
summons easy synchro plays you can just
continuously get things out and continue
swarming the field we're also running to
Garuda in this Dec helping us with
consistency we end up having a lot in
the graveyard so Garuda gets summoned
out very easily so we can additionally
make more XYZ's more
plays there just adds a lot to the deck
type very nice and then for more
consistency we have one red eyes one
tempest tempest allowing us to search
out things sending things to the
Graveyard which is really nice and red
eggs just a very nice card allowing us
to get up those dragons and set up our
plays for us and now for the spells
we're gonna be running three cards of
consonance in the stick definitely nice
this helps with the consistency kind of
makes up for dragon ravine helping us
really make that a little faster sending
whatever we need to the graveyard at
keeping it at three really makes this
deck fast additionally with dragons
shrine we're going to be sending things
to the graveyard so we have five cards
that really set up what we need to do
very quickly which I think really makes
up for the fact that we don't have
dragons trying anymore to Forbidden
Lands we are definitely focusing on
high-level monsters high synchro
monsters that we really want to protect
so forbidden Lance helpful for that mind
control we have various levels of tuners
and various synchros so I do think that
mind control is a very nice card for
this deck type to MST one where Gehrke
one sole charge we're going to have a
lot in the graveyard oh we can make
additional plays off that so I find that
soul charge can be nice for us for the
back row you know pretty typical stuff
two dimensional prison to fiendish chain
nothing very special there for the extra
deck we're going to have a lot of
interesting variety it was really hard
to build this extra deck because I had
like 20 cars I wanted to use that I'll
talk about in the side act so i just
chose what i think will be most
effective cata store with some of our
levels Black Rose with our age you know
crimson blader and scrap dragon we
obviously have some of the dragunity
nights and grows which hopefully I can
pronounce guide urgh is just used for
some consistency to get what you want
and varsha rihanna is just helpful to
make certain plays and do some big
damage it kind of lets you do a lot of
really interesting things so it just you
know helps you a lot I'm going ardian
also an alternative level 6 level 6
obviously the most common one will get
out so nice to have Goryeo and one star
eater as I was saying before we can make
that with some of the plays that we do
have access to for the XYZ is one guy
dragon mostly to use with heretic dragon
in order to you know get out what we
need to make plays for us so sets up you
know TKS and big plays really easily for
us for the rank for is obviously we
could make that pretty easily with ducks
and the fact that we can easily you know
get up Garuda so we can just make plays
very easily there 10 feet obviously
could be a nice one Chidori again a very
effective 11 silent honor and one Queen
dragon dragon
if we get a nice field situation along
with Queen dragon de Jin it'll be a very
annoying thing for our opponent to deal
with so now for the side deck if you
haven't seen a video of mine before in
the saitek I kind of just talk about
other recommended cards other ideas
other interesting things for the deck
that could be useful maybe I've seen
from other people but just some ideas
i'm throwing out there not really a side
deck four matches you can add in card
kardi to help the deck you know get some
speed in consistency it's up to you so I
do you think dragon ravine will come
back at some point maybe at one so
obviously when it does we should use it
there is currently an OCD card dragunity
spear this card looks very very
effective for dragunity so looks like
it'll be very nice for what they're
trying to do foolish burial it just
doesn't really matter that you can run
that instead of dragon shrine if you
want gold sarc again to search out what
you need not really necessary but it can
be nice instant fusion you can make
other plays with the stick with that
cool pen again with our wind monsters
obviously an effective card you can
definitely add an upstart to make that a
little bit faster and take out some of
the stuff we have call the Haunted you
can see why that would be powerful in a
deck like this makers attack can be
powerful but we run too many dragons I
think to really make use of this trap
stun again if we're going 40 TKS and big
plays obviously trap stun is a good card
for that and again there's a lot of
synchros on XYZ's I just couldn't fit in
the deck start ass dragon another really
effective one especially when you're
going for those otk plays exit on
another very effective one Lavar with
our a lot of level threes we can easily
make love i er so that would be nice
photon strike bounzer PETA lemme other
rank 6 is just we don't have room but I
would really like to run them if I did
have room for them so that's my
dragunity deck um I really have a built
them for a very long time so I'm kind of
coming back to it seeing what i could do
with them hopefully you can see you know
my build kind of experimenting with some
other stuff that i think will be
effective for this deck but i'm still
getting used to kind of the new version
without Dragons Ryan hopefully you guys
will give me some suggestions and talk
about you know what card you use maybe
there's some things I didn't think about
that could be useful with a new build of
this I've been looking around trying to
see what people are doing and I do like
what I'm trying to do here but I'm sure
there's some of their stuff that I
haven't seen that could be really useful
but yeah that's my dragunity deck having
a lot of fun with it thank you guys for
watching I'll see you later
you